In the last lecture, we learned about that hierarchical injector
and actually, this injection behavior leads to the behavior we see here.
Now that's not a bug, it's intended,
you might have an application where you want to have many different instances of the same service, where
you absolutely don't want to have the same instance but sometimes, you want to have the same instance
and we definitely do because right now for our account service, we have three instances.
The first one gets created here in app component,
we provide it here, app component receives its own service or it's own instance of the service I should
say as do all the child components.
Now you might say fine because new account and account are child components, right but there we provide it
again and hence we overwrite the instance we would get from the app component.
Now new account and accounts component have their own instances,
so these are the other two instances of this service class.
And therefore if we add a new service, we call add account, there we push it on this array of accounts
and this actually works but it's a totally different instance of the service than the one
we use here in app component,
the one through which we loop. How can we fix it then here for our app? Simple, we just remove it from
the providers array.
Don't remove it from the constructor,
we of course do need it here because that tells Angular that we want an instance, the providers array
basically tells which instance so there we need it to remove it
and the same for account component.
Leave it in the constructor, leave the import at the top but remove it from the providers array. With
that little change,
if we go back to the application after saving it, let's add another account.
Now you'll see it at the bottom,
now you can change the status again.
So this is the difference,
different instances of the service.
Now we're using one and the same, before we weren't. Both
may be the behavior you want in your app
but make sure that you get the correct one.